4.19 RN - TELCODOCS-2123 - PolicyGenerator GA (#94149)
openshift/openshift-docs: release_notes/ocp-4-19-release-notes.adoc

[id="ocp-release-notes-edge-computing_{context}"]
=== Edge computing

[id="ocp-4-19-edge-computing_pg-ztp-rhacm_{context}"]
==== Using {rh-rhacm} PolicyGenerator resources to manage {ztp} cluster policies (General Availability)

You can now use `PolicyGenerator` resources and {rh-rhacm-first} to deploy polices for managed clusters with {ztp}.

> The `PolicyGenerator` API is part of the link:https://open-cluster-management.io/[Open Cluster Management] standard and provides a generic way of patching resources which is not possible with the `PolicyGenTemplate` API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `PolicyGenerator` API is part of the link:https://open-cluster-management.io/[Open Cluster Management] standard and provides a generic way of patching resources, which is not possible with the `PolicyGenTemplate` API.
```

> Using `PolicyGenTemplate` resources to manage and deploy polices will be deprecated in an upcoming OpenShift Container Platform release.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using `PolicyGenTemplate` resources to manage and deploy polices will be deprecated in an upcoming {product-title} release.
```
